Miss Tang, stay safe
Visit Tang as an international director's heroine
This is the first time
It's still thanks to you that I gave birth to him
So Mr. Song is now reduced to a personal assistant
Tang Yao, are your eyes blind?
What, am I wrong?
The bag did not sign the contract.
rub rub rub
Isn't this all the treatment of an assistant?
The outdated best actor
I'm here to talk to Kashima about the male lead
Why didn't Miss Meng tell you?
The male protagonist has already decided that you are going home
I just found out too.
Then explain to me
As your assistant, right?
Before you dreamed, I told you to give it to me without paying.
Tamagawa
Yay yay!
In this meeting season, you will still use so
Do you think that kind of confession is just a play?
Otherwise, have you ever thought about
Me?
Why are you back again? You're thirsty.
What about Director Du?
What are you doing?
I don't think I need to try it. Let's find Mr. Lu. Okay.
The plan worked. Let's celebrate
Constant loss of pressure always forces smart Sichuan dogs to jump over the wall
Don't worry, I will continue to arrange for Mengxianxian.
Did you ever think that something would change?
What can happen to you?